project_01/README.md, before:

# Project 1: Quoter

Interface: Console

Purpose: Display famous quotes. Initially, provide a random quote, and later maybe more direction from the user.

## Structure

Database: Initially JSON, then possibly SQLite.

Programming Language: Python 3.10.2

Operating System: Windows

## Environment Setup

For these setups, all applications are installed. That is to mean that they are registered with the operating system. If you prefer to use decompressed folders or "portable" editions, you may need to manually configure additional items.

### Install Python

1. Open web browser to https://www.python.org/downloads/
2. Download the current version (3.10.2) appropriate for your system.
3. Install
  1. At the install screen, click to Add Python to PATH.
  2. Install Now
  3. When prompted for Disable Path Length Limit, ignore.
6. Check that the install was successful.
  1. Open command prompt
  2. Run `python --version` to check the installation was successful.

### Install Editor

Recommended is VS Code (https://code.visualstudio.com). Alternatively, could use a myriad of other text editors.

### Install Git

1. Download from https://git-scm.com/downloads
2. Run the installer, and select the default options.
  1. One exception is which editor is the default for Git to open.
  2. Set name for initial branches to `main`.

To run Git Bash, select it from the Start menu. Note that it operates like a Linux terminal (using BASH, not Windows).

For graphic interface, run Git Gui.

### Create Virtual Environment

Using [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org) to manage the virtual enviroment for this project.

https://dev.to/bowmanjd/getting-started-with-python-poetry-3ica#:~:text=Install%20Poetry&text=poetry%5Cbin%20is%20on%20your,environment%20variables%20for%20your%20account.%22&text=Then%20make%20sure%20%24HOME%2F.,is%20in%20your%20PATH%20variable.

1. Install Poetry
  1. On Linux
    1. Open terminal.
    2. `curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sdispater/poetry/master/get-poetry.py | python`
    3. **Not tested any further**
  3. On Windows
    1. Open PowerShell.
    2. Change to desired download directory.
    3. `(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sdispater/poetry/master/get-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python`
  4. Left Off

Commit message:

Realigned environment setup guidelines. Cleaned-up quotes.json.

project_01/README.md, after:

# Project 1: Quoter

Interface: Console

Purpose: Display famous quotes. Initially, provide a random quote, and later maybe more direction from the user.

## Structure

Database: Initially JSON, then possibly SQLite.

Programming Language: Python 3.10.2

Operating System: Windows

## Environment Setup

Most of the setup occurred with setting up the over-arching Silo system. The code base is fine to mix (ie Git), but want a separate environment for the application.

### Create Virtual Environment

Using [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org) to manage the virtual enviroment for this project.

https://dev.to/bowmanjd/getting-started-with-python-poetry-3ica#:~:text=Install%20Poetry&text=poetry%5Cbin%20is%20on%20your,environment%20variables%20for%20your%20account.%22&text=Then%20make%20sure%20%24HOME%2F.,is%20in%20your%20PATH%20variable.

1. Install Poetry
  1. On Linux
    1. Open terminal.
    2. `curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sdispater/poetry/master/get-poetry.py | python`
    3. **Not tested any further**
  3. On Windows
    1. Open PowerShell.
    2. Change to desired download directory.
    3. `(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sdispater/poetry/master/get-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python`
  4. Left Off
